Time Taken: 41 Hours 35 Minutes

Sources Used:
For Homework 2 (The basis of this homework):
Homework 1
Example 8
Example 9
Example 10
https://www.rapidtables.com/web/color/brown-color.html (to try to get the tree color)
https://www.rapidtables.com/web/color/green-color.html (to try to get the leaf color)

For Homework 3:
Homework 2
Example 13
Example 14
Example 15
Example 16
Example 19
Example 21
Textures pulled off google

For This Project:
Built off of Homework 3.
Basis for the gate: https://www.dreamstime.com/red-traditional-japanese-gate-torii-blue-sea-mountains-red-traditional-japanese-gate-torii-blue-sea-mountains-image113644559
Basis for the pagoda: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Yakushiji_Toto.jpg

About:
    This project includes 3 main portions that connect directly with ancient
Japanese architecture and culture, including the gates, pagodas, and dango.
The typical red gate (torii (鳥居)), that is one of Japan's most 
recognizable structures, was built in this program using basic shapes with 
complex rotations and colorations to achieve. The Pagoda (touba(塔婆)) also 
was built here by me, using shapes like cubes, cones, and trapezoids. This
also included textures, including some taken directly from an image of the
basis I used (Yakushiji). The third main portion are spheres with eyes.
I thought the spheres looked a lot like traditional Hanami Dango (花見団子), 
being a popular treat of three balls on a stick made from rice flour and other
ingredients served during events like Hanami, being cherry blossom viewing
festivals (they are delicious). I added eyes to them to make them inhabitants
and made them blink (In different cycles to one another using three frames
of eye animation and the idle function).
    This application includes two modes: Perspective and First Person.
First person includes a scene of a path that leads to one of the pagodas.
I was able to include a fog effect as well, building a forboding atmosphere.
There is also a light source staying still at the center, attempting to emulate
a small sun.
    There is a long chain of gates there, following that which is popular for
shrines across Japan (including one in Ueno Park in Tokyo that I went through).
There is then small rock gardens on either side before the pagoda (little areas
of rocks raked by an individual. It is supposed to be very calming, hence why they
are also called zen gardens). All along the path are dango people either admiring
you from afar or guarding the pagoda.
    The Perspective mode has 5 items that can be scrolled through with the p
and o keys. This includes a single dango, two dango sitting together (showing
off that they blink at different times), a gate, a pagoda, and a zoomed out view
of the first person scene. You can get to that one easily from the start by pressing
'o' once.

Controls:

Universal:
esc: Exit
0: Reset View 
2: Perspective View
3: First Person View


Perspective:
9: Toggle Axis
p: Scroll forward through items
o: Scroll back through items
=: Add to dim
-: Subtract from dim
Arrow Keys: Look Around Scene
x/X: Increase/Decrease the X of the light
y/Y: Increase/Decrease the Y of the light
z/Z: Increase/Decrease the Z of the light

First Person Only:
q:Return to the target
w: Move Forward
s: Move Backward
Right Arrow: Turn Right
Left Arrow: Turn Left
Up Arrow: Look Up (Max 40 Degrees to prevent getting disoriented by the sky)
Down Arrow: Look Down (Max -5 Degrees to prevent floor clipping)